UHD/HEVC support
----------------

This mod version fixes many issues with HEVC and UHD disks as well
as several other bugs.

THD+AC3 file support
--------------------

Caution is needed when making a thd+ac3 file. If the THD stream
has a delay, then when demuxing, eac3to delay-corrects the AC3 stream but
not the THD stream. So naively merging the demuxed streams will be
problematic. The THD delay would need to be manualy applied to
the AC3 stream before merging. For this reason, use of the thd+ac3
extension is not recommended. Generate the thd+ac3 file externally using
a fully correct procedure.

INI File Support
----------------

You may create an eac3to.ini file that allows you to customize
program defaults and control some program options. The INI may have
the following items:

-fast

This causes eac3to to run in fast mode. This option may be
overridden on the command line with -normal.

-keepDialnorm

This causes dialog normalization to be retained. This option may
be overridden on the command line with -removeDialnorm.

-progressnumbers

This causes progress numbers to be used instead of progress bars.

-showall

This causes all playlists to be displayed. If this option is absent
playlist display will be as in version 3.34/3.36. This option may also
be supplied on the command line. This option can be useful for extracting
menu playlists. Note that -showall is subject to the -minDuration
option.

-minDuration=600

When listing playlists with -showall, this causes playlists with durations
less than the specified duration in seconds to be suppressed.
If it is absent 600 seconds is assumed. This option may be overridden
on the command line with -minDuration=xxx.

-destpath="d:\tmp\"

Output directory for created files. If not given, the current directory is
used. Do not omit the trailing \ character.  This option may be overridden
on the command line with -destpath="path".

-nolog

This disables log file creation. This option can only be given in the INI file
and not on the command line.

Log File
--------

Log file generation was changed. Previously two identical copies of the log file
were generated in the directory where eac3to.exe was located. One of them was
called simply "log.txt", and the second was prefixed with an identifier related
to the first source file. If the command did not involve a source file, then only
the first one was generated.

Now, only one log file is generated. It is generated either in the current directory
or the directory specified by the -destpath option (if given). The current directory
is defined as the directory you are in when you issue the eac3to command. This is
typically the same as the source file directory if you go to that directory to run
eac3to, but that may not be the case. It depends on how you or the 3rd-party
application that invokes eac3to operates.

The log file name is "logXXXX.txt", where the XXXX is the numerical PID number of
the eac3to command. Every command uses a different PID so this scheme completely
prevents overwriting of log files. Note that you can determine the creation date
and time of the log file by inspecting the file creation time.

eac3to deletes log files automatically as needed to ensure that there are a maximum
of only 5 log files in any directory. This prevents uncontrolled accumulation of
log files.

Log file creation can be disabled entirely by placing -nolog in the INI file.
